Q: Can you think of an analogy between the process of tesselating hexagons and randomly generating a world using rooms and hallways? 
What is the hexagon and what is the tesselation on the Project 3 side?

A: They are similar as in they are both like a video game. There are many ways to get to different spots and solutions, like choosing random hallways leading to random rooms that eventually lead to the same solution. 

-----
Q: If you were to start working on world generation, what kind of method would you think of writing first? 
Think back to the lab and the process used to eventually get to tesselating hexagons.

A: I would start with a method similar to depth first search. First, I would look to connected structures and continue until one complete side before progressing to other sides of the world. 

-----
Q: What distinguishes a hallway from a room? How are they similar?

A: Rooms can have any shape. Hallways must be straight (with turns) and are rectangles. They are similar because they have walls and are randomly located. 

-----
Q: For tesselating hexagons, one of the hardest parts is figuring out where to place each hexagon/how to easily place hexagons on screen in an algorithmic way. 
After looking at your own implemention, consider the implementation provided near the end of the lab. 
How did your implementation differ from the given one? What lessons can be learned from it?

A: My code is less efficient because instead of keeping track of only two points of a hexagon, I kept track of five points. A lesson that can be learned is to minimize wasteful memory and code in order to make the program as concise and efficient as possible. 

-----
Q: Consider an algorithm for placing rooms and hallways on your map. 
Ideally, consider many algorithms and think about what makes some easier or harder to implement. Try and bring those ideas together into a single simple algorithm which accomplishes the task. 
In general, algorithms with as few edge cases as possible are better algorithms.

A:Randomly place floor tiles along the world. If there is a cluster of floor tiles, add walls to make rooms. Then, use floor tiles to connect the rooms. 

